1. “The secret of getting ahead is getting started” – Mark Twain

2. “The only impossible journey is the one you never begin” – Tony Robbins

3. “The best way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing” – Walt Disney

4. “When you know what you want, and want it bad enough, you’ll find a way to get it” – Jim Rohn

5. “Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined” – Henry David Thoreau

6. “Take action. An inch of movement will bring you closer to your goals than a mile of intention” – Steve Maraboli

7. “Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game” – Babe Ruth

8. “Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Wishing is not enough; we must do” – Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

9. “Don’t be afraid to give up the good for the great” – John D. Rockefeller

10.“If you genuinely want something, don’t wait for it – teach yourself to be impatient” – Gurbaksh Chahal

11.“The most difficult thing is the decision to act; the rest is merely tenacity” – Amelia Earhart

12.“You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great” – Zig Ziglar

13.“You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take” – Wayne Gretzky

14.“Twenty years from now, you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do. So, throw off the bowlines, sail away from the safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore, Dream, Discover.” -  Mark Twain

15.“Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear” – George Adda

16.“Decide what you want. Believe you can have it. Believe you deserve it and believe it’s possible for you” – Jack Canfield

17.“I believe that the only courage anybody ever needs is the courage to follow your dreams” – Oprah Winfrey

18.“Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve” – Napoleon Hill

19.“The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today” – Franklin D. Roosevelt

20.“If you can dream it, you can achieve it. You will get all you want in life if you help enough other people get what they want.” – Zig Ziglar

21.“Whether you think you can or think you can’t, you’re right” – Henry Ford

22.“Magic is believing in yourself; if you can do that, you can make anything happen” – Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

23.“Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine” – Roy T. Bennett

24.“Believe you can, and you’re halfway there” – Theodore Roosevelt

25.“There are no limits to what you can accomplish, except the limits you place on your own thinking” – Brian Tracy

26.“All our dreams will come true if we have the courage to pursue them” – Walt Disney

27. “We generate fears while we sit. We overcome them by action” – Dr. Henry Link

28. “Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears” – Les Brown

29. “I have learned over the years that when one’s mind is made up, this diminishes fear” – Rosa Parks

30. “Believe you can, and you’re halfway there” – Theodore Roosevelt

31. “All our dreams will come true, if we have the courage to pursue them” – Walt Disney

32. “The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new” – Socrates

33. “If you don’t like something, change it. If you can’t change it, change your attitude.” – Mary Angelou

34. “Your mind is a powerful thing. When you fill it with positive thoughts, your life will start to change” – Gautama Buddha

35. “A bad attitude is like a flat tire; if you don’t change it, you won’t go anywhere” – Joyce Meyer

36. “We are all here for some special reason. Stop being a prisoner of your past. Become the architect of your future” – Robin Sharma

37. “You’ll never change your life until you change something you do daily. The secret of your success is found in your daily routine” – John C. Maxwell

38. “The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams” – Eleanor Roosevelt

39. “Dream big and dare to fail” – Norman Vaughan

40. “Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible” – Tony Robbins

41. “Imagine your life is perfect in every respect; what would it look like?” – Brian Tracy

42. “I think goals should never be easy; they should force you to work, even if they are uncomfortable at the time” – Michael Phelps

43. “People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do” – Rob Siltanen

44. “You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself in any direction you choose” – Dr. Seuss

45. “Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve” – Napoleon Hill

46. “First, have a definite, clear, practical ideal; a goal, an objective. Second, have the necessary means to achieve your ends; wisdom, money, materials, and methods. Third, adjust all your means to that end” – Aristotle

47. “If you set your goals ridiculously high and it’s a failure, you will fail above everyone else’s success” – James Cameron

48. “You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream” – C.S. Lewis

49. “Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning” – Gloria Steinem